docs/index.md, before:


The easiest (and fastest) way to 2FA verification.

![Main Window](assets/EasyAuth_setup_demo.gif)  
<h3 style="text-align: center;"> 
<a href="https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/releases/latest">Download for Windows and Linux</a>  
</h3>

### What is it?  
EasyAuth is a desktop application that helps you authenticate with a website or online service that uses two-factor authentication. EasyAuth stores the secret keys that websites provide when you enroll in two-factor authentication and then generates the one-time passcodes that you use to verify your identity.

### What's unique about it?  
It's quicker and less hassle than other 2FA methods or applications.
Since it's a desktop application it doesn't require a smartphone or a cell connection.
It doesn't require manually typing verification codes.
During setup of an account it scans QR codes for you. 

### How do I use it?  
1. When setting up 2FA a QR code will be displayed in your browser. Launch EasyAuth and click the ![Scan QR code button](assets/ScanQRcode-button.png) button.
2. The secret key is stored in the vault.
    ![QR code found](assets/Step1-scan.png)
3. Click on the passcode button to copy it to the clipboard.
4. Paste the code into the verification form.
   ![Step2](assets/Step2-paste.png)


### Features
 - Stores your secret keys encrypted in a vault on your local machine (doesn't rely on third-party cloud services).
 - Automatically finds QR codes displayed on the screen.  No need to scan QR codes with your phone.
 - Generates Time-based One-time Passwords from your secret keys.
 - Familiar easy-to-navigate desktop GUI.
 - Accounts are displayed in a scrollable list with a search feature.
 - The list can be sorted alphabetically, by usage frequency, by most recently used, or manually reordered to achieve a custom ordering. 
 - Export and Import vault to plain-text JSON file or otpauth URI format.
 - Vault entries can be displayed as QR codes for migration to other applications.
 - GUI includes light and dark themes.
 - Preferences dialog has useful customization settings.

### Learn More
 [Quick Start](https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/blob/master/docs/Quick%20Start%20Guide.md)  
 [User Manual](https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/wiki/User-Manual#easyauth-user-manual)  
 [Video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LsL8Jgswqo) (11 minutes)  

### Screenshot gallery
[View Screenshots](screenshot_gallery.md)  

### Demo video (2 minutes)
<iframe width="700" height="475" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EwcvA4PUlV0" title="EasyAuth v0.3.0 Demo - setup two-factor authentication" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>  

### Try it out

Practice storing a new secret key using this sample QR code.  

![sample qr code](assets/img-qrcode-easyauth-demo.png)  

1. Launch EasyAuth.
2. Make sure the QR code above is visible on the screen. Click 'Scan QR code".
3. The QR code is read and a new vault entry created using the secret key, provider name, and user. 
4. Observe the new entry in the main window. 
![Vault entry](assets/EasyAuthdemo-vault-entry.png)

  


[Sample 2FA Setup Page](Setup2FA_1_QRcode.html)

Commit message:

[Doc] Update README and website index.md

docs/index.md, after:


The easiest (and fastest) way to 2FA verification.

![Main Window](assets/EasyAuth_setup_demo.gif)  
<h3 style="text-align: center;"> 
<a href="https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/releases/latest">Download for Windows and Linux</a>  
</h3>

### What is it?  
EasyAuth is a desktop application that helps you authenticate with a website or online service that uses two-factor authentication. EasyAuth stores the secret keys that websites provide when you enroll in two-factor authentication and then generates the one-time passcodes that you use to verify your identity.

### What's unique about it?  
It's quicker and less hassle than other 2FA methods or applications.
Since it's a desktop application it doesn't require a smartphone or a cell connection.
It doesn't require manually typing verification codes.
During setup of an account it scans QR codes for you.

### How do I use it?  
1. When setting up 2FA a QR code will be displayed in your browser. Launch EasyAuth and click the ![Scan QR code button](assets/ScanQRcode-button.png) button.
2. The secret key is stored in the vault.
    ![QR code found](assets/Step1-scan.png)
3. Click on the passcode button to copy it to the clipboard.
4. Paste the code into the verification form.
   ![Step2](assets/Step2-paste.png)


### Features
 - Stores your secret keys encrypted in a vault on your local machine (doesn't rely on third-party cloud services).
 - Automatically finds QR codes displayed on the screen.  No need to scan QR codes with your phone.
 - Generates Time-based One-time Passwords from your secret keys.
 - Familiar easy-to-navigate desktop GUI.
 - The vault is displayed as a scrollable list with a search feature.
 - The list can be sorted alphabetically, by usage frequency, by most recently used, or manually reordered to achieve a custom ordering. 
 - Website icons are displayed for easily identifying each entry.
 - Export and Import vault for transfer to/from other applications.
 - GUI includes light and dark themes.
 - Preferences dialog has useful customization settings.
 - Free and open source.

### Learn More
 [Quick Start](https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/blob/master/docs/Quick%20Start%20Guide.md)  
 [User Manual](https://github.com/jdalbey/EasyAuth/wiki/User-Manual#easyauth-user-manual)  
 [Video tutorial](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-LsL8Jgswqo) (11 minutes)  

### Screenshot gallery
[View Screenshots](screenshot_gallery.md)  

### Demo video (2 minutes)
<iframe width="700" height="475" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/EwcvA4PUlV0" title="EasyAuth v0.3.0 Demo - setup two-factor authentication" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" referrerpolicy="strict-origin-when-cross-origin" allowfullscreen></iframe>  

### Try it out

Practice storing a new secret key using this sample QR code.  

![sample qr code](assets/img-qrcode-easyauth-demo.png)  

1. Launch EasyAuth.
2. Make sure the QR code above is visible on the screen. Click 'Scan QR code".
3. The QR code is read and a new vault entry created using the secret key, provider name, and user. 
4. Observe the new entry in the main window. 
![Vault entry](assets/EasyAuthdemo-vault-entry.png)

  


[Sample 2FA Setup Page](Setup2FA_1_QRcode.html)
